Update user documentation (#644)
HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo: documentation/src/circuits/intro.md

circuit += MeasureQubit::new(1, "ro".to_string(), 1);
```

> A circuit created with qoqo can also be visualized. It requires to install the package qollage in python or the crate roqollage in rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A circuit created with qoqo can also be visualized. The user can do this by installing the package `qollage` in python or the crate `roqollage` in rust.
```

It can be installed the same way as qoqo/roqoqo:

To install the package in a python environment run the following command
```bash
pip install qollage
```

or add this line to the Cargo.toml of a rust project

```TOML
qollage = "0.5" # Change this to the latest version to ensure compatibility of the latest qoqo operations.
```

> In python the following code will output the image using IPython’s display method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In python the following code will output the image (shown below) using IPython’s display method.
```

```python
from qollage import draw_circuit

# draw the circuit
draw_circuit(circuit)
```

> Assume that the circuit is the same as the previous example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated image of the circuit should look like this:
```
